
================ STRUCTURE OF PAPER ===================

THEOREM: any subgraph of a \MN\ is still a \MN



**MRF/expfamily**: 
specifying a probability distribution by linear sum of energy potentials (each world has an energy). (@fixed temp = scale variable), is equivalent to a probability distribution.

By specifying a set of soft constraints on distributions, we are specifying an energy landscape for a distirbution. A world is a special case of a distribution, so this subsumes the other approach. 

	Relation to divergence. 



	> Worry: infinite regress.




Factor Graphs are just potentials.
Directed factor graphs are just factor graphs except with more constraints 
	(they repr. same dists, etc.)
> They use normalization as a constraint; I use consistency as a constraint. Constraint is visible in the model.

ENERGY
	What PDG's do energetically: allow you to mask away portions of the free energy. Energy landscapes over distributions can factor graphs represent? Exactly the backwards relative entropies, i.e., those generated by  ν ↦ D( ν || μ ) - ln Z. Paramterized by one probability distribution. Hope:
		if  M : PDG  and  Q : OtherModel both determine a distribution p,  		(M, Q ⊧ p )
			then G_M and G_Q are the same free energies, up to a constant. ( □ )
	
		Proved: E ∘ P = Id + C (integrate!)			P ∘ E = Id (differentiate?)
	
	Previous work writes average internal energy of the system as 
		<U> = 𝔼_ν E(μ) =  ∑ ν(w) E_{ ∏ ϕ(w) } = ∑ ν(w)/β  ln ( 1 / Z μ )
	But could we set it to
		<U> = ζ(M;ν)
	Would this make a difference? Are there any things that would like to be ruined in the thermo analogy if one defines it this way?
	Are we sure that there are things you can describe with ζ that are not describable with KL divergence? 
		One attempt would be argue different cardinalities. No! A model M has way more parameters than a distribution, true, but still have to argue there exist many others that don't result in same energy.
	By Example. Consider
								   p    q
								A ⟶ C ⟵ B

	where the two distributions don't even share the same ranges. It's a tree, so Bethe free energy will also be the same as the Gibbs. The inconsistency is
						
			𝔼_p D (ν || p ) + 𝔼_q D (ν || q )
			
	WTS this is not expressible as an inconssitency of 


Rhetorical Question: Why use conditional representations? They're not distributions. We can also get a distribution 
